fix:27887 innerWidth includes scrollbar (#29191)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/innerwidth/index.md

{{APIRef}}

> The read-only {{domxref("Window")}} property **`innerWidth`** returns the interior width of the window (a.k.a. width of the window's {{Glossary("layout viewport")}}) in pixels. This includes the width of the vertical scroll bar, if one is present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The read-only {{domxref("Window")}} property **`innerWidth`** returns the interior width of the window in pixels (that is, the width of the window's {{Glossary("layout viewport")}}). That includes the width of the vertical scroll bar, if one is present.
```

> Similarly, the interior height of the window (a.k.a. height of the layout viewport) can be obtained using the {{domxref("Window.innerHeight", "innerHeight")}} property. This measurement also accounts for the height of the horizontal scroll bar, if it is visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, the interior height of the window (that is, the height of the layout viewport) can be obtained using the {{domxref("Window.innerHeight", "innerHeight")}} property. That measurement also accounts for the height of the horizontal scroll bar, if it is visible.
```
